My son and I came over today with a special box of gold bars
I proposed to your Wu family
That's right
My son
Fancy your granddaughter
I hope Madam Wu will fulfill it
Ouch, does Hu Shao like my eldest granddaughter?
We are flying
Oh grandma I do
Sit down for me
I like Wu Siyao
You are Wu Yue again
Are you finished?
She's my second granddaughter.
Sorry about that.
What about my second granddaughter?
There's already an engagement, that's fine
Can the marriage contract be revoked?
My son has a crush on Wu Siyao
That is the blessing of your Wu family
I hope Madam Wu will fulfill it
President Hu
What about our Wu family?
I really don't have this blessing.
That's because you don't give me face
It's not about face
This is Mrs. Hu
We didn't come here today to discuss with you
Let's propose marriage
You have to promise
If you don't agree, you have to agree
The person my son likes
No one can escape
Who is so arrogant?